#summary Task List from project PSGed.

=Task List=

  * (x) Completed tasks.
  * (.) Pending tasks.
  * (_italics_) Key name.
<br/>

==PSGed v0.4b==
  * *x* change tempo to bpm (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tempo)
  * *x* increasing acceleration of change value in large numbers.
  * *x* load demos
  * *x* redesign the presentation of the sequencer.
  * *x* Add mouse control
  * *x* Help functionality (scroll)
  * *x* Pressing _Stop_, stop when you just play the end of the pattern.
<br/>

==PSGed v0.5b==
  * *x* On the menu when the mouse is detected, select your choice.
  * *x* Redesigned main screen.
  * *x* _Return_ Key to play song.
  * *x* _Select_ key to play pattern.
  * *x* Bug. Stop the sound, to show Help screen.
  * *x* Bug. PLAY at the start of the interrupt / loop.
  * *x* 16 patterns memory.
  * *x* 32-step sequencer. 
  * *x* Added Name and author information.
  * *x* Info window.
  * *x* Clear tool (CLR), delete the current pattern.
  * *x* New tool (NEW), delete all the song information (resets).
  * *x* Confirmation modal window (for New and CLR).
  * *x* Copy tool (cpy), copy the current pattern to pattern indicated.
  * *x* button (Set). Assigns the current pattern, at the position of the sequencer.
  * *x* After Stop. If the player is in pause mode, the stop key terminates the playback of the song. Shown in standby mode.
  * *x* Button enables/disables the loop mode of play.
  * *x* Added three tones in the pattern editor (offset).
<br/>

==PSGed v0.7b==
  * *x* Mute channels by mouse click.
  * *x* Added second button (mouse/joystick) or _Graph_ key to remove or add a silent item.
  * *x* Fixed bug in the interpretation of the volume / envelope, in the data structure.
  * *x* Fixed bug in the presentation of the playback position of the pattern.
  * *x* Fixed bug in direct change so play / song to play / pattern.
  * *x* Fixed problem with Sync (Using the asm statement: HALT).
  * *x* Changing the color palette to detect the VDP 9938 or higher (MSX2).
  * *x* Using PSG MegaFlashROM SCC+
<br/>

==PSGed v0.8b ROM edition==
 * *x* Added ComboBox control to select the envelope.
 * *x* Asm routines added. Andrear adaptation of mouse routines by Ramones.
 * *x* Editable fields in the Info window.
 * *x* Separation of the main player code to a function.
 * *x* Button to play all PSG registers [ins].
 * *x* Added window that displays the registers of the PSG.
 * *x* Separation of the stop code to a function.
 * *x* Update help text (summary).
 * *x* Help. Asm routine to return control line.
 * *x* Added on-screen presentation, "AY-3-8910 sound editor"
 * *x* Double-stop function. Place the sequencer to the first position.
 * *x* Copy to function. Shows the initial value, the current pattern.
 * *x* Sequencer. Added function insert step.
 * *x* Sequencer. Added function delete step.
 * *x* Edit screen. Added new features and changes for adjustment of noise and envelope areas.
 * *x* Bug. Update data at the end of song play without loop.
 * *x* Bug. After play in stop mode, when there will be a combobox, the music plays...
 * *x* Compress Data: demos, help.
 * *x* New version logo.
 * *x* Added demo minimalTech / neuroFlip. 
 * *x* Remove Demo3 to gain memory space.
 * *x* Changing the load screen. Added name and author of the demos.
<br/>

==Future releases.== 
 * *-* Convert application to MSXDOS. (.COM)
 * *-* Add exit button.
 * *-* Add confirmation modal window, exit the application.
 * *-* Calculation of the BPMs for NTSC.
 * *-* Sequencer. Return Function Pattern (neuroflip). The number selected will be the pattern where the player becomes, when you finish the playback of the sequence and loop mode is enabled. 
 * *-* Sequencer. Add 64 steps.
 * *-* Sequencer. Change current system notes.
 * *-* Save info registers in each pattern.
 * *-* Editor. Changing tone frequency value for offset. (-128>+128)
 * *-* Change in real time registers of tone frequency... 
 * *-* control parameters from 6 pots + 2 buttons (1 joystick input)
 * *-* Disk file access.
 * *-* get dir
 * *-* load file
 * *-* save file
 * *-* Help. By clicking on the bar jump pages.
 * *-* Delete record dump. (V0.8b ROM functionality only).
<br/>